Add to ModelRenderer (hard points) the object of items for display
It supports more than one item of equipment in future expansion



Position of the arm of the body armor of Aug is funny.
Confirmation of baked recipes Forge.
Creating a sound directory: done.
\ AppData \ Roaming \. Minecraft \ assets \ sound \ littleMaidMob
I was confirmed that all the components are not created in the MCP804: confirmation of the cfg file.




Confirmation of the line of fire check
Check the operation of shearing: that does not fall if ML environment: DONE.
no: chignon of default is funny.


Movement of the neck at the time of the piggyback





The separation from the GUI trigger items around in multi for.
(Becomes a wait you do not have the fuel or baked items) dishes State at Restart
The registration system to target the cooking item?
Vibration of the mystery of boarding at the time (such as load time)
After the restart tracer stops
I cook to match the behavior of Yakushi
Behavior when a texture that has been used is no longer



For coming to MOD load before timing performance of state acquisition unlike the ML: DONE. : (. Falling it's Forge at the time of the pre-acquisition performance) to fall in Achieve
DONE:?: IsWorkingDelay operation is not successful.
Bug elimination of head decoration items: DONE
DONE: armor texture modification of the behavior of NULL when the specified
It is not shot in the PE14: DONE?
DONE: notation Tracer is wrong.
The range extension of Archer: extension to 15 range: done.

Doka eating sugar in the strike: DONE


DONE: SKALL display
Corresponding model of zooming: DONE?
World corresponding base position of Freedom: DONE
I do a base change of tracer: DONE.
Transmission of Armor: DONE

(The cause of the default search operation is of such as Fencer's on) adjustment of IFF: DONE
Modified to recovery priority when you are not hungry in the blood: DONE.
Modification of weapon display: DONE
The DONE: error occurs in a texture that does not exist (different)
(Renovation, such as a fuel, luggage full-time) confirmation of Cooking: DONE
Judgment of the GUI at the time of death: DONE
To stop the movement when you open the GUI: DONE


I would like to target those closest to the time of block search: DONE.
The slightly modify the rendering around: DONE
Search mode of the nearest block: DONE
Vibration of piggyback: DONE



make mmode_Waitng = 1;
make mmode_Freedom = 3;
	mmode_Tracer = 14;
0000 ing mmode_WildMaid = 0;
0001 make mmode_Escorter = 2;
0020 make mmode_Torcher = 13;
0021 make mmode_Cooking = 6;
0022 mmode_Pharmacist = 15;
0080 make mmode_Fencer = 4;
0081 make mmode_Ripper = 10;
0082 mmode_Healer = 5;
0083 mmode_Archer = 8;
00c0 make mmode_Bloodsucker = 7;
00c1 maek mmode_TNTD = 12;
00c2 make mmode_Detonator = 11;
00c3 mmode_Blazingstar = 9;


Shooting:
	Masked maid: ray confirmation
		Shoot it stops in the shooting distance: iron
		Gold: snipe from the ultra-long-range, critical
		Da:


TODO: respawn: registration of position in bed, respawn in exchange for 100 experience



Move to the sound pack the livingSoundRate: TODO
Add Sound: DONE
Adding a cause of death message: TODO
Add discriminants work: DONE
DONE: maid Ride (PC)

(It can not be determined because there is no Entity player) that IFF is not applied immediately after loading









Modification of clock behavior relationship: Maybe you do not need: TODO
Get off of ladder climbing: TODO
Growth of the Force at the end: TODO?
TODO:? Open maid inventory through walls (Creative) measures not
When the texture is funny it came Al (lMaid) is extra texture IFF: TODO?
TODO: (do not inherit the furnace) red stove I had done in the furnace side.
(Fall because it supplemented from player inventory arrows) bow RopePlus: DONE


>> MMM's
Maid defect report.
It seems to repeat the Settosuru them as well by recovering soon as it comes compounding is done in an effort to put the item where you remembering items that can not be used in potions and water bottle in an attempt to create a potion to the maid.


Moving light source lanthanum: TODO
TODO: Freedom of child sleep in a bed
Gather flowers on your picking flowers, the grass: TODO
TODO: beds
TODO: Made a good friend
TODO: Animal rider
TODO: Tamer
SimpleNPC compliance to the setting of the movement range: TODO.
I control the number of occurrences of terrain generation time: TODO
(Low priority of the battle mode for item) to change the order of judgment trigger item: TODO
TODO:? Reaction of the trigger item is funny (bow)
Elimination of multiple registration item: TODO
TODO: Netherlands Little maid
TODO: and soaked maid
Child left-handed sometimes: TODO
(I dangle the sugar in the absence of the rest of the contract in days) here and there made: TODO
Hunger judgment of Avatar: TODO
The visible again determined immediately prior to use, such as chest: TODO
TODO: check up and use chess, foot equipment
Confirmation of re-signing operation in tracer mode: TODO.
Attack does not hit the large slime: TODO.
TODO: magma cream?


The fog pumpkin: Disabling the nether Ya-kai: DONE


Function create potions: trouble is probably: DONE
Resurrection When the contract at the time of death: to trigger the special agreement: DONE

DONE: Death pawn switch
I change the sound effect of food when using the healer: Damage to voice properly: DONE
Reordering armor slot: Version Checking up: DONE




Modification of addPlate: DONE
DONE: burial measures
I put a unique ID: DONE
It is really out at the time of the snowball fight: DONE
Snowfield installation of torch: DONE
Fixed a texture are not completely transparent part: DONE





To play the voice of snowball hit because it spoils the judgment Nodame time: DONE: unnecessary



To reconsider the trigger processing of ranged weapons: DONE
Fine-tune the display around: DONE



I make a trigger for items class setting GUI: DONE
Fixed a bug to fall You have set up an item that does not exist in the trigger item: DONE
Fixed display around, SR2 Aug: DONE





Modification of the display position of the bow, the display of the potion: DONE
Shift corresponding defect fixes and trigger GUI: DONE

Checking the state of use of the chest: DONE
Adjust the TNT-D trigger: DONE
Fixed adding items for sound configuration: DONE
Peaceful and avoidance of Neitan in: DONE
Modify the axis of judgment when shooting: DONE
DONE: (without resolving whereabouts unknown) behavior of Cooking maid (baked> Water> grilled reset), the release of sneak state
DONE: modification of the texture (1.0.0)



Correcting lock on determining from MOB: DONE
DONE: Figure measures
DONE: support of Blaze rod (fuel)



Treatment of potion by healer: Undead judgment at the time of the attack: DONE
Locally variable net system: DONE
(Using EntityID) avoid blinking from becoming synchronized: DONE
DONE: appearance: Defense: Attack: Enchant relationship
I changed the formula of the drop: DONE
Player in the damage calculation specifications: DONE. (Measures of Concord ton Sword is out)
Increase of damage sound effects: DONE



Set the helm behavior of Archer: DONE

Check the light source around the items on hand: you do not know well: DONE
Fixed that there are times when it does not stop when you open the inventory: DONE
Fixed sound pack is making a weird directory: DONE
Division of cfg: DONE
I was able to use a wheel-made IFF: DONE


I want to display the items on hand at any WAITHING: DONE
DONE: alpha test (OK for the time being)


Special attacks of the sword: DONE
Changing the method of attack bow: DONE
The separation of the type of model used and the body armor: DONE


Multi-model corresponding to the version up: DONE? 
Feedback of the search: DONE
Compatible with chest cart: DONE
DONE: Line tracer
Add the sound of snowballs relationship: DONE
(To read the crowded there by creating a config file for sound) Sound Pack correspondence: DONE
Was set to not Desupon: DONE.


Relock is multiple items when searching: DONE
In the CCW type search the chest: DONE
There are times when the operation of the chest search is funny: DONE. (Movement of maid stops)
Determination of large chest: DONE
I suppress the instinct of the beast of the bad time: DONE.
DONE: se_living_night "" se_living_whine "is funny?
DONE: Display of the AP change
Change of condition to invoke TNT-D: DONE

DONE: Damaged Armor
In each material the armor texture: DONE
	* _3 Png: standard color of maid of wild?
	?. (Default | cioth | chain | iron | diamond | gold) _4 png: Armor texture,
	0,1:100%,% 2,3:75, 4,5:50%, 6,7:25%
	0,1:100%,% 2,3:80, 4,5:60%,% 6,7:40, 8,9:20%
Adjust the target range of Torcher: DONE
Ensure the blank of a snowball fight at the time: DONE
To suppress the movement to reload your play mode: DONE.
Child avoidance of the contract is not to start a fight snowball fight time: TODO.
To enable shooting other weapons: DONE


Setting the voice of snowball creation: DONE
Setting Adding Voice modulation: DONE
I keep from falling in the attack from non-living: DONE.
Voice of TNT-D: DONE

DONE: for fun mode
Implementation of Torcher: DONE
I got to pick up the arrow: DONE
DONE: maid IFF

Compatible with multi-model: DONE
I was set to GUI texture pack * _20.png: DONE.
I further extend the reaction zone of exclusion items of recovery around the main: DONE.
Add a check of whether there is a hair in the target judgment at the time of the shearing: DONE.
It is now become Escorter cooking time, if you submerge away from the stove: DONE.
Clear Tage full when item: DONE
I will offset the coordinates of the main upon confirmation of the line of fire: DONE
I put a load of chunk decision to coordinate transition at the time of Freedom: DONE